Explore interaction with Protocols (#2)
alicederyn/peps: pep-9999.rst

1. The runtime type of a TypedMapping object is not constrained to be a ``dict``
2. no mutator methods (``__setitem__``, ``__delitem__``, ``update``, etc.) will be generated

> 3. if a class includes a ``TypedMapping`` protocol in its MRO, it does not become a ``TypedMapping`` protocol itself

Reviewer: Rather than this negative definition I would say: "A class definition defines a typedmapping protocol if and only if `TypedMapping` appears directly in its class bases".

If you want to keep the current one, I would at most say "it does not *necesssarily* become". Otherwise you're saying something contradictory (remember that a class contains itself in the MRO, so according to that statement typedmapping protocols are not typedmapping protocols).

Author: ```suggestion
3. a class definition defines a ``TypedMapping`` protocol if and only if ``TypedMapping`` appears directly in its class bases
```

    movie["year"] = 1985  # Fine, mutator methods added in definition
    movie["name"] = "Terminator"  # Type check error, "name" mutator not declared

> Inheriting, directly or indirectly, from both TypedDict and Protocol will fail at runtime.

Reviewer: I assume you meant `TypedMapping` here rather than `TypedDict`?

Author: Nope, meant as written. Having both TypedDict and Protocol in the MRO is illegal.

Author: ```suggestion
Inheriting, directly or indirectly, from both TypedDict and Protocol will continue to fail at runtime, and should continue to be rejected by type checkers.
```

Reviewer: 👍
